---
title: Time
path: "time"
date: "2014-10-27"
layout: post
description: ""
---
Time is a funny thing, we emblazen it on our phones, our wrists, on our walls in every facet of our daily lives. It controls us whether we like it or not.

When I first experienced death it was one of the hardest things to deal with, the resounding thing that people said was that "time heals everything". Well I call bullshit to this day I'm still hurt by the death of my grandmother. She was a wonderful person taken from us far too early.

---

Time really is a funny thing. You can listen to a ticking clock and witness as it passes you by.

My time at school wasn't the best like most geeks (a badge I wear proudly now) I was bullied. I suppressed those memories and I have little recollection of my time there. I remember the people though, I can never forget them, they're etched in my memory, a hatred that I'm not sure I can ever forgive.

---

Time is a constant. Yet it seems to either fly or crawl by. Time flies when you're having fun and crawls when you're bored.

I broke down 3 months ago, that's ~7.88923e6 seconds. That's a large number. It's a lot of time to reflect on things. What scares me is at 28 years old it's 1% of my life. And just by writing this it's growing.

---

Time is an odd thing. Time slips by, the world still revolves around us, friends and family laugh and cry, we lose loved ones, we gain loved ones. What we're not prepared for is how to deal with time. We have to learn how to use it and how to deal with what it throws at us. I don't think I'll ever be fully prepared but hey I've still got time right?

