---
title: My long lasting trials with Linux
slug: my-long-lasting-trials-with-linux
tags:
---
<p>Another year, another release of Ubuntu.</p><p>Ubuntu has been my choice of fustration ever since version 5 I think, it's been that long ago I can't remember.</p><p>Every year I've said myself that I'll ditch windows and move to linux. Below is a rough timeline of every single fail I've had with linux.</p><p>1. Ubuntu 5 - Wifi card plainly refused to work, my knowledge of linux was low so I gave up after a few hours.</p><p>2. Ubuntu 6 - Wifi card refused to work, spent 2 days trying to get it to work. Graphics card was buggy.</p><p>3. Ubuntu 7 - Wifi card worked with 7.04 upgrade to 7.10 broke it and refused to work again, spent another 2 days trying to sort it all out. I think this was around the time the first set of unofficial nvidia card drivers came out (envy?) which was amazing, a graphics card that actually worked.</p><p>4. Ubuntu 8 - Wifi no longer works, I didn't even try to bug fix, another year another fail.</p><p>5. Ubuntu 9 - Wifi works!!!!!!! Can you believe it it actually works and out of the box too! Switched to ATI&nbsp;graphics card, never did figure out why it didn't work properly.</p><p>6. Ubuntu 10 - No longer need wifi, ATI&nbsp;cards works great apart from a few hiccups with dual screen which were resolved by some tinkering. Sound card doesn't work. Not giving up yet though.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>So there you go, it's not that I haven't tried and my knowledge in linux has vastly improved over the years. It appears I'm cursed.</p>
