---
title: Drupalcon Copenhagen 2010 Swag!
slug: "drupalcon-copenhagen-2010-swag"
date: "2010-09-04"
template: post
description: "I think the dust has settled form Drupalcon CPH, at least my hangover is now well and truly gone (although probably never forgotten, damned Awesomesauce!)"
---
<p>I think the dust has settled form Drupalcon CPH, at least my hangover is now well and truly gone (although probably never forgotten, damned Awesomesauce!)</p><p>Overall it was a great experience got to meet lots of really cool people both from the drupal community and form #drupaluk. I've seen quite a few blog posts rounding up Drupalcon so figured I might as well write my own but rather than comment on the rather stupid ... wait for it .... here it comes ... queue the DUM DUM DUUUUUUU Sex Scandal I figured I'd talk about the swag.</p><p>This was my first outing to a major conference so I have no other benchmarks but I don't think I did too badly:</p><p>1. Bucket load of stickers! Probably around 30-40, my favourite being the Kitten Killers.<br />2. Open Publishing T-Shirt, not bad quality, the design is ok as well.<br />3. Rack Hosting T-Shirt, same as above really, not sure about the design though, perfect painting tee.<br />4. VPS.NET stress robot, copy much???<br />5. Drupal Gardens grow-your-own thingy, I've given this to my mum as pretty much every attempt I've ever made at growing something has ended in disaster.<br />6. Random notebook, nope not the electronic kind the paper kind. This is the 21st Century people.</p><p>And last but not least probably the best swag I think you could ever get was a VPS. Yes a whole VPS. No strings attached just a free VPS for a year. I was a bit wary about it at first but it seems legit, full root, 512mb of RAM, 10gb HDD, 100gb BW.</p><p>I'm still deciding on what to do with mine, so far I've attempted the Omega8cc aegir/nginx install but not had much luck with that. Will probably end up putting regular aegir on and then installing pirc and znc.</p><p>So that's about it really, good times had by all plenty of learning was done, plenty of drinking too.<br />&nbsp;</p>
